I dedicate this repository to sharing the enhanced version of my calculator project. The application will be free to use; however, I want to retain a sense of "ownership" over the project. Therefore, I will not share the plain source code for each module or the main scripts. While everyone is free to use the application, access will require my approval each time. When a request for approval is made, I will receive a notification via Telegram and will need to manually approve or deny it.  

In the latest version, the application consists of three calculator modules: **Imperfection Extractor**, **Upheaval Buckling Analysis** and **Road Crossing Analysis**.  

- The **Imperfection Extractor** module is useful for onshore pipeline engineers to extract actual imperfections, which can then be identified and compared to the allowable limits stated in upheaval buckling analysis.  
- The **Upheaval Buckling Analysis** is designed to check the imperfection limit to prevent upheaval buckling for user's pipeline. Additional feature to check specific sets of imperfection geometry which generated by the **Imperfection Extractor**.
- The **Road Crossing Analysis** is designed to check the pipeline design on road crossing section, it can provide a quick look on wheter the pipeline is safe to be installed without pipe casing or not.

Future additions to the modules will be shared in this repository, and I will ensure that the script manages the update process for you.  

**IMPORTANT:**  

- To download the application, navigate to the desired version folder and download all its contents.  
- I do not recommend downloading version **1.00**, as it was intended solely for beta testing.  
- This application requires Python to be installed on your system. Make sure to install Python before running the application.  
- All necessary dependencies are handled by the main script. Simply install Python via the command prompt using:  
  ```
  pip install python
  ```
  Then, run `"RZD_apps.pyc"`.  
